[Music]
this is planet earth
home to the mighty forests
tiny insects
wondrous creatures
the cute and the weird
and
us
we humans make up just 0.01
of all life on earth and yet we have
consumed over one-third of the planet's
resources
if we continue at this rate we will run
out of drinking water in next 25 years
if nothing changes the ocean fish will
all be gone in 75 years and the forests
will be destroyed in 88 years we have
only one life one planet and one
opportunity to make a difference
at icici lombard we believe
sustainability means meeting our own
needs without compromising the ability
of future generations to meet their
needs
we place operational sustainability at
the heart of the way we function at work
and encourage our people to make
sustainable choices
at home
[Music]
we've taken several steps towards energy
efficiency
and renewable energy
and also small but efficient steps to
cut down our carbon footprint through
our heartfelt project niranjali
but at the ground level our teams are
putting many small ideas to work and
making a big difference
ever since i joined this movement i
realized there are so many little things
that we can do to reduce waste and save
the environment i've shifted to reading
ebooks to strike a balance between
saving the planet and keeping my love
for eating alive
and even my friends and family members
have now made the switch
at home i have replaced all the default
aerators in all the taps with low flow
faucet aerators it has turned out to be
a cheap and super effective solution for
water conservation
[Music]
i applied a very simple idea of reusing
the plastic which had good to the dump
why can't we reuse the e-commerce
packaging for garbage disposal
[Music]
a very simple but effective step i could
take was to use a solar charger for my
mobile phone
as i can't stay away from it
but i wanted to do something for the
environment too
newspapers are another source of paper
waste so i pledge to ban all newspaper
in my house i read in newspaper and
encourage others to do the same
old or young it's never too late to make
a change and together we can make a
difference so join me and me and me too
let's together make a difference because
all of us and our little green steps can
together make a huge difference
join us to be a part of a sustainable
future
and keep your promises made to mankind
[Music]